c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.exe.config
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.exe
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.pdb
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.g.resources
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.exe
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\IS_VideoTutorial.pdb
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
C:\Users\Ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Ricard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IS_VideoTutorial\IS_VideoTutorial\obj\Debug\Resources\Styles.baml
